Rethrow/br_on_exn traps when given nullref (#97)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: proposals/Exceptions.md

The `rethrow` instruction takes the exception associated with the `exnref` on
top of the stack, and rethrows the exception. A rethrow has the same effect as a
throw, other than an exception is not created. Rather, the referenced exception
on top of the stack is popped and then thrown. The `rethrow` instruction traps

> if the value on the top of the stack is of `nullref` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the value on the top of the stack is null.
```

```

If the query fails, the control flow falls through, and no values are pushed
onto the stack. The `br_on_exn` instruction traps if the value on the top of the

> stack is of `nullref` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stack is null.
```
